- What was the problem you were solving in the projects for this course?
  The problem was that a university wanted a program that read in a file with course data and optional prerequisites and having it be sorted by Course ID. After Sorting they desired it to be printed to screen to be viewed and utilized.

- How did you approach the problem? Consider why data structures are important to understand
  Considering the utilization of data needing to be saved and manipulated to the user desire, a data structure with built in functionality is needed. First was reading the data through a file. Creating an input ability was the first step, since the user utilizes a CSV type list, parsing it with getline was the option. Next was saving the data to be used and how can I adequately be able to sort in a list style for display purposes. This is where a data structure was very important, utilizing a vector gave me the ability to store the data being read in and have it stored in memory numeric order for easy access. This also gave me built in functionality to sort easily, and iterate through any data saved to have it displayed properly. Finally, after the storing is complete then adding functionality to sort the data, print the data and search through the data was used with vector pre-built functionality.

- How did you overcome any roadblocks you encountered while going through the activities or project?
  Considering the unique situation of storing an object into a vector gave me unique challenges for sorting and searching, the first challenge was getting the sort command to work in the first place. The answer was not easy to find, in fact I did not find it. I had to experiment and finally overloading the < operator gave me my desired result. Secondly, was ensuring the user input for course ID search would be covered for upper and lower case. I first attempted to conduct it by utilizing only toupper. This however did not give the desired result and would continuously miss the middle of the string when upper casing. This is when I found on stack overflow the transform function. Finally, my last big problem was upon submission and learning that it would not compile on other compilers. This is when I learned that the compiler and build tools pack I utilize with Microsoft Visual Studio come with built in Windows.h library utilization, and the fact that my compiler wants things that others will not compile. Things like my constructor definitions having Object::Object() instead of just Object(), and utilizing an ignore command with a limits library functionality. 3 Submissions and many corrections later, I got it to compile on all compilers I ran across.

- How has your work on this project expanded your approach to designing software and developing programs?
  Until this project and design process, I definitely expanded the tools on my toolbelt for programming. I now have more functionalities and different tools for newer C++ builds that can help me tackle programming desires more efficiently. I also learned to test my programs on different compilers and environments, rather than staying to 1 IDE and expecting it to work for every compiler. This helps ensure coworkers and colleagues that utilize my code do not have to fish around to figure out why on their compiler it does not work. Lastly, psuedocode is an invaluable tool prior to writing code, I finally understand this. The work we did prior to designing the software made approaching the overall project less daunting, it also gave me more time to think on the problem and think of most situations the program may encounter and program to accomodate those events. I hope to take these into future programming adventures, because habits have me tackling projects in 1 sitting which is impossible to do when the projects get multi-layered.

- How has your work on this project evolved the way you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable?
  For the first time since I started programming, I divided this program into several days and chunks in my actual programming. This helped give me more time to polish and work on specific parts with more attention to detail. I was able to truly work around and polish most instances of the specific functionality I was working on and write meaningful comments around the code for anyone wishing to adapt or change it. A huge step from typical habits where I create a program in 1 sitting and while it works, it typically is not working for outlier cases or human error situations.
